README.md, before:

A simple adventure game by {who?} based on a simple adventure game engine by [Adam Smith](https://github.com/rndmcnlly).

Code requirements:
- **4+ scenes based on `AdventureScene`**: unsatisfied (name at least 4 of the classes).
- **2+ scenes *not* based on `AdventureScene`**: unsatisfied (name the classes).
- **2+ methods or other enhancement added to the adventure game engine to simplify my scenes**:
    - Enhancement 1: unsatisfied (name the method and explain the use of it).
    - Enhancement 2: unsatisfied (name the method and explain the use of it).

Experience requirements:
- **4+ locations in the game world**: unsatisfied (name at least 4 of the classes).
- **2+ interactive objects in most scenes**: unsatisfied (describe two examples)
- **Many objects have `pointerover` messages**: unsatisfied (describe two examples)
- **Many objects have `pointerdown` effects**: unsatisfied (describe two examples)
- **Some objects are themselves animated**: unsatisfied (describe two examples)

Asset sources:
- (For each image/audio/video asset used, describe how it was created. What tool did you use to create it? Was it based on another work? If so, how did you change it, and where can we learn more about the original work for comparison? Use [Markdown link syntax](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax#links).)

Code sources:
- `adventure.js` and `index.html` were created for this project [Adam Smith](https://github.com/rndmcnlly) and edited by me.
- `game.js` was sketched by [Adam Smith](https://github.com/rndmcnlly) and rewritten by me.

Commit message:

Game is Done. This is the FINAL SUBMISSION.

README.md, after:

A simple adventure game by Michael Law based on a simple adventure game engine by [Adam Smith](https://github.com/rndmcnlly).

Code requirements:
- **4+ scenes based on `AdventureScene`**: Tutorial, Intro, Outro, Witch, Mage.
- **2+ scenes *not* based on `AdventureScene`**: Entrance, Troll, Toll, Castle, InnerSanctum.
- **2+ methods or other enhancement added to the adventure game engine to simplify my scenes**:
    - Enhancement 1: makeItem - Aids me in creating simple text items that can be interacted with.
    - Enhancement 2: addPickupTween - Aids me in adding a pickup animation for items.

Experience requirements:
- **4+ locations in the game world**: Entrance, Troll, Toll, Castle, Witch, Mage, InnerSanctum
- **2+ interactive objects in most scenes**: Candy Salesman, Mage
- **Many objects have `pointerover` messages**: Candy from the Salesman, Troll's messages
- **Many objects have `pointerdown` effects**: Empty cup, Witch's cauldron
- **Some objects are themselves animated**: Sweet Demon, Troll

Asset sources:
- [Troll Image](https://favpng.com/png_view/free-kraken-cliparts-octopus-free-content-goblin-clip-art-png/cdsR9H0B)  
Downloaded Troll image.  
Cropped image with paint.net  
- [Cauldron Image](https://www.vecteezy.com/vector-art/1838079-witch-cauldron-set)
Downloaded Cauldron image.  
Cropped and made background transparent with paint.net  

Code sources:
- `adventure.js` and `index.html` were created for this project [Adam Smith](https://github.com/rndmcnlly) and edited by me.
- `game.js` was sketched by [Adam Smith](https://github.com/rndmcnlly) and rewritten by me.
- `openCandyBox()` in scene `InnerSanctum` in `game.js` modified from this [Phaser Example](https://labs.phaser.io/edit.html?src=src/input/pointer/external%20link.js).
